Update doorbird.markdown (#23602)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/doorbird.markdown

There is currently support for the following device types within Home Assistant:

- [Camera](#camera) - View live and historical event based images.
- [Button](#button) - Enable control of relays and camera low-light/night vision (IR).

## Setup

> It is recommended to set up a new & dedicated account on your Doorbird App/web portal for use with Home Assistant. The instructions in this documentation refer specifically to the Doorbird IOS/Android app but most of the instructions can also be performed using the Doorbird web portal at https://webadmin.doorbird.com and logging in on your Doorbird admin account.

Reviewer: Please do not use bare URLs

> It is recommended to set up a new & dedicated account on your DoorBird App/web portal for use with Home Assistant. The instructions in this documentation refer specifically to the DoorBird IOS/Android app but most of the instructions can also be performed using the web-based [DoorBird - WebAdmin](https://webadmin.doorbird.com) portal and logging in on your DoorBird admin account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is recommended to set up a new & dedicated account on your DoorBird App/web portal for use with Home Assistant. The instructions in this document refer specifically to the DoorBird IOS/Android app. Still, most actions can also be performed using the web-based [DoorBird - WebAdmin](https://webadmin.doorbird.com) portal and logging in on your DoorBird admin account.
```

#### Event Data

> Each event will include live image and video URLs for the DoorBird device that triggered the event. These URLs can be found on the event data and can be useful in automation actions. For example, you could use `html5_viewer_url` on a notification to be linked directly to the live view of the device that triggered the automation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each event will include live image and video URLs for the DoorBird device that triggered the event. These URLs can be found on the event data and are helpful in automation actions. For example, you could use `html5_viewer_url` on a notification to be linked directly to the live view of the device that triggered the automation.
```

- `html5_viewer_url`

<div class="note">

> The URLs on the event will be based on the configuration used to connect to your DoorBird device. Ability to connect from outside your network will depend on your configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The URLs on the event will be based on the configuration used to connect to your DoorBird device. The ability to connect from outside your network will depend on your configuration.
```

</div>

#### Schedules

> Once events have been registered on the DoorBird device, they must be attached to a schedule using the official DoorBird app on Android or iOS or the [DoorBird - WebAdmin](https://webadmin.doorbird.com) portal. Currently, there are schedules available for doorbell, motion, relay, and RFID events (on supported DoorBird devices). Essentially, you can enable a HTTP(S) call from your DoorBird device to the Home Assistant DoorBird API by configuring an action/event (by enabling a schedule).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once events have been registered on the DoorBird device, they must be attached to a schedule using the official DoorBird app on Android or iOS or the [DoorBird - WebAdmin](https://webadmin.doorbird.com) portal. Currently, there are schedules available for doorbell, motion, relay, and RFID events (on supported DoorBird devices). Essentially, you can enable an HTTP(S) call from your DoorBird device to the Home Assistant DoorBird API by configuring an action/event (by enabling a schedule).
```

#### Schedules

> Once events have been registered on the DoorBird device, they must be attached to a schedule using the official DoorBird app on Android or iOS or the web portal at https://webadmin.doorbird.com. Currently, there are schedules available for doorbell, motion, relay, and RFID events (on supported Doorbird devices). Essentially, you can enable a HTTP(S) call from your Doorbird device to the Home Assistant Doorbird API by configuring an action/event (by enabling a schedule).

Reviewer: Please do not use bare URLs.

On the desired event, you should be able to specify blocks of time for when you would like the event to be sent to Home Assistant. If you want the event to always send, the square in the upper right can be used to populate the entire schedule. Events will be fired to Home Assistant for blocks of time that are blue.

> Note: Remember to complete the schedule assignment steps above for each event type that you registered. If you are configuring HTTP Call(s) schedules for registered RFID tags, please note you will have to enable/configure schedule for each individual RFID tag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: Remember to complete the schedule assignment steps above for each event type you registered. If you are configuring HTTP Call(s) schedules for registered RFID tags, please note that you will have to enable/configure the schedule for each RFID tag.
```
